Add Terraform Cloud integration docs (#30102)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/settings/backends/configuration.html.md

# Backend Configuration

Each Terraform configuration can specify a backend, which defines where
[state](/docs/language/state/index.html) snapshots are stored.

> Backend configuration is not needed when using Terraform Cloud, because
> Terraform Cloud automatically manages state in the workspaces your configuration
> is associated with. If your configuration includes
> [a `cloud` block](/docs/language/settings/terraform-cloud.html),
> it cannot include a `backend` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not need to configure a backend when using Terraform Cloud because
Terraform Cloud automatically manages state in the workspaces associated with your configuration. If your configuration includes [a `cloud` block](/docs/language/settings/terraform-cloud.html), it cannot include a `backend` block.
```
